30/07/26 day 1
Today I have started the classes (or tutorial) of space shooter. I already have done one before, but it doesn´t mean that I know everything.
I´m very happy to start this project, it is a achievement for me, to at least arrive in these classes :).
Well, this is it. Movementation is okay for me, top-down movement, I already know how to do it. pretty cool.

02/07/26 day 3
Yeah, I forgot to write something yesterday. But no worries, i´m still having fun. Today I´ve made the system of the bullets and stuff. Like
programmed methods to each type of shoot, shoot 1, 2 and 3. It was pretty chill to do and I hope, after this project, that I could have a chance
to make another game, or prototypes.
I´m wrinting this at 11 pm and I really should sleep... So yeah :) I´m going to do it right now. Tomorrow I´ll try to not forget to write down my
day here.

Actually, this is really the second day. eeehhhhh.... Consider that "day 3" means "day 2" for now, ok?

03/07/26 the true third day (day 3)
Today was a good day, I have done some mistakes and successful tries. We made the system to show the icons of player´s life and shield, it was very 
interesting to make. I was doubting of my evolution in the gamedev, but I talked with my sister and she said that she realized a difference between my
first game and the most recent game (escape room). 
Hopefully, I would be able to make a super cool game, maybe next year... or maybe in five years? I don´t know.
Well, to end this day, I want to write down this: I´m almost reaching my achievement to finish the classes of spaceshooter, and I already have made another
game, pretty better than the other. For now is just to continue making prototypes and doing the classes :);

Bye, and have a good night, morning or afternoon.

04/07/26 day 4
Hi, again. Today we put, in the game, the particles of the destruction of the power ups and started the system of the shield (i´m pretty vibing to see how
we´re going to programm this) and.... Yeah, It was everything.
I won´t say that today was a focus day, it´s saturday and I had piano class and we went to a restaurant to lunch with my uncle. But It was a good day actually.
Tomorrow i´ll try to focus a bit more. I´ll just TRY because i´m not kidda.... focused...? But I´m still having chill moments while I´m programming, so... that what
is the important thing to be proud of in this vacation.

08/07/26 day 6
As you noticed, I didn´t write anything of the day 5 and I don´t even know if this is really the sixth day. But just pretend that is. Well... Speaking about what
I have done today let´s start by programming the damage of the player´s bullet, importing the animation of the enemy´s destruction, when the player and the enemy take
any damage, they stand 10 to 60 frames in red color and to end the day we have programmed a chance to drop a power up, when an enemy dies.
I think that it´s all, surely i´m forgetting something, but I liked to make the visual stuff of damage.
I´ll try to keep writing here, and... Bye.

10/07/26 day 7
Tons of thing to understand today, we saw the variable "in_sequence" and we started to built the enemy waves using sequences. It was kidda confusing to got what the teacher
said about destroying the enemy created from the sequence, at first I didn´t got it but I have read the manual and tried to explain in the, comment code part, what we said
to gamemaker at that code.
I haven´t watched to many classes, but the ones that I studied really will help me with future projects.

13/07/26 day 8
God. We have just done the system of waves and it´s so difficult, we used sequences, and I´m not quite expert on it. However I did it, somehow. moreover, today we did the system
to limitate the waves, like, don´t let the game get bad, and stuff.
For now I should just continue, and if there is any question... Just watch again the classes or ask in forum or DC severs

